alright the path I'm taking is from the
south entrance of the steel mill from
that big screen TV you want to look over
to the left and you're going to scan the
boil cryogenics poster this next riddle
is probably why you're watching this
video from cooling tunnel d get it going
to the area that I'm in and there's ?
you're gonna go over to where the water
is that and you're going to throw down a
freeze bless and create a nice rack all
right I'm gonna turn around and show you
where the periods ask you're going to
want to use your back ba and I use it
against one of the Rings to pull
yourself towards that wall now you're
going to line yourself up with that
period with the rest of ? and then skin
it and then you got your riddle
apparently this is the backflip I didn't
realize that when I threw it in there so
it takes me a minute to do it but yeah
you get it
all right with this riddle you want to
come back here after a dr. Stacy Baker
beats you over the chest and that
mallett's going to be right there and
you want to scan the mallet all right
inside the smelting chamber there's an
office near the front door of it you
want to head into the office and there's
going to be harlequins university degree
and you want to stand that from the
smelting chamber and you want to take
the exit with the rec door where you
shoot that and open it and from their
hand and go into this room where you're
gonna see that I broke mo bitchy came to
pronounce that right twin you want to
scan those guys hi this next one you
can't get until after I believe your
second visit it's in the manager's
office of the loading bay and I've seen
a video where some dumb-dumb was saying
to skin whatever's by the foot of the
outfit but that's harlequins old outfit
and that's the answer to that riddle and
that's what you want to scan from the
loading bay you want to head down the
elevator shaft and into the boiler room
and you want to go until you reach the
main room and hang all right there's
going to be a boxful the Joker's toys
and gadgets and whatnot and you want to
scan that
how does it feel Wayne to stand all the
very stones that ran with your parents
blooded do you feel sad full of rage or
does that outfit help bury your feelings
hiding your true self you become what
you've always fought against and I will
stop you I have powerful friends Batman
this is just the beginning why do you
work alone Batman I believe you enjoy
the loneliness
I assumed that you thought yourself
untouchable like Batman there's no
building you can see no one is
untouchable
we are the future of ARCA we are the
future of Gaza if you sold the rule
ahead
you must show you our aim to take a life
to save the world you cannot stop me
soon I will command forces beyond your
comprehension are you gonna be a good
boy and give up nicely Bravo